Import declarations are hoisted (#28386)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/import/index.md

`import` declarations are designed to be syntactically rigid (for example, only string literal specifiers, only permitted at the top-level, all bindings must be identifiers), which allows modules to be statically analyzed and linked before getting evaluated. This is the key to making modules asynchronous by nature, powering features like [top-level await](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules#top_level_await).

> ### Forms of `import` declarations

Reviewer: Ok!

This is often used for [polyfills](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Polyfill), which mutate the global variables.

### Hoisting

> Import declarations are [hoisted](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting). In this case, that means that the names they introduce are binded to their values, and their side effects are produced, before the rest of the module's code runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Import declarations are [hoisted](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting). In this case, that means that the imported identifiers are available in the entire module scope, and their side effects are produced before the rest of the module's code runs.
```

Reviewer: What do you think about saying "the identifiers the imports introduce" instead of "the imported identifiers"? It feels inaccurate to say that that what is imported are the identifiers themselves. 
Also, I would like to reflect that we are talking about the identifiers bound to the global scope, instead of other identifiers that may be used in an import declaration. For example, in `import { export1 as importedFunc } from 'my-module'`, `export1` is an identifier, yet not introduced into the importing module's scope.

Reviewer 2: Sure, that does sound more accurate.

Reviewer: Awesome! Done!
